bbsim                            : release
bbsim-sadis-server               : release
kind-voltha                      : deprecated
pyvoltha                         : deprecated
voltha                           : release
voltha-adtran-adapter            : release
voltha-api-server                : deprecated
voltha-bal                       : release
voltha-bbsim                     : release
voltha-docker-tools              : release
voltha-docs                      : release
voltha-eponolt-adapter           : legacy
voltha-epononu-adapter           : legacy
voltha-go                        : release
voltha-go-controller             : unreleased
voltha-helm-charts               : release
voltha-lib-go                    : release
voltha-northbound-bbf-adapter    : unreleased
voltha-omci                      : release
voltha-onos                      : release
voltha-openolt-adapter           : release
voltha-openonu-adapter           : release
voltha-openonu-adapter-go        : release
voltha-ponsimolt-adapter         : release
voltha-ponsimonu-adapter         : release
voltha-protos                    : release
voltha-python-base               : deprecated
voltha-simolt-adapter            : deprecated
voltha-simonu-adapter            : deprecated
voltha-system-tests              : release
voltha-test-manifest             : release
