[crucible:gh] gh repo list opencord

Showing 30 of 151 repositories in @opencord

opencord/voltctl                      gRPC CLI for VOLTHA                                                                                      public  55m
opencord/ci-management                                                                                                                         public  1h
opencord/voltha-go                                                                                                                             public  15h
opencord/device-management-interface  This repository holds the protofiles and documentation for the device management interface based on ...  public  3d
opencord/voltha-system-tests                                                                                                                   public  3d
opencord/ofagent-go                   Golang version of ofagent                                                                                public  3d
opencord/voltha-go-controller         Golang based implementation of VOLTHA controller                                                         public  4d
opencord/voltha-helm-charts                                                                                                                    public  8d
opencord/voltha-openolt-adapter       OpenOLT Adapter for VOLTHA                                                                               public  9d
opencord/pod-configs                  The CORD pods configurations                                                                             public  11d
opencord/sadis                        Service: Subscriber and Device Information Service                                                       public  11d
opencord/voltha-api-server            VOLTHA API Server                                                                                        public  13d
opencord/cordctl                      Command-line interface for CORD / XOS                                                                    public  14d
opencord/voltha-docs                  Documentation for VOLTHA                                                                                 public  15d
opencord/mac-learning                 MAC Learning ONOS Application                                                                            public  22d
opencord/voltha-protos                Multi-language protobuf definitions and packaging for VOLTHA                                             public  22d
opencord/voltha-lib-go                Voltha common library code                                                                               public  23d
opencord/mcast                        Service: Multicast (MCAST)                                                                               public  Feb  8, 2023
opencord/olt                          Service: Virtual OLT (vOLT) -- ONOS control app                                                          public  Feb  8, 2023
opencord/dhcpl2relay                                                                                                                           public  Feb  8, 2023
opencord/igmpproxy                    Service: IGMP Proxy                                                                                      public  Feb  8, 2023
opencord/kafka-onos                   Pushes ONOS application events to Kafka bus                                                              public  Feb  8, 2023
opencord/voltha-onos                                                                                                                           public  Feb  8, 2023
opencord/aaa                          Service: Triple-A component of vOLT -- ONAS App                                                          public  Feb  8, 2023
opencord/voltha-openonu-adapter-go    OpenONU Adapter written in GO for VOLTHA                                                                 public  Feb  8, 2023
opencord/bbsim-sadis-server                                                                                                                    public  Jan 31, 2023
opencord/helm-repo-tools              Tools used to publish helm charts as an indexed repo                                                     public  Jan 27, 2023
opencord/bbsim                        BroadBand Simulator (v2)                                                                                 public  Jan 25, 2023
opencord/automation-tools             CORD automation tools and useful deployment scripts                                                      public  Jan 24, 2023
opencord/omci-lib-go                  OMCI gopacket library supports the encoding and decoding of ITU G.988 OMCI messages                      
